So you think that
Jordi will accept your invitation to the podcast because of
how interesting you are? Yes, that's why it
has 1,700,000 views. But you think that
the 700,000 views are because of you
and why would I have them, man, because of
Jordi, for example, they wouldn't call you, they would
n't call me because I'm sis, they
put you on Jordi W's podcast
Because you're a trans girl, I went to
talk about my transition because of you as a
person, you don't disrespect me in the
videos that I made you, it's that I haven't
seen it, I haven't lasted more than a minute, let's
see, you made a video insulting me
in a personal way. Also, what have I told you? You
told me mutant rat, dog, that my
content is based on Dallas, that I
disgust you, that I work and take care of my daughter.
What's wrong with you for you to tell me that, everything you
do in general, I've given you my
opinion, you must have given your opinion, it's that
I haven't seen your video, you insult
people without knowing them, it's not that I haven't
insulted you  But how come you haven't
insulted me? But if you did it
right now, here in public, you told me that you
called me a mutant rat. You would like
me to call you a mutant because you
got a tit and cut off your penis.